# Problem Summary:

Using an open-source tool, generate two X.509 certificates. The second certificate should be signed by the first,
forming a certificate chain in PKCS12 (.p12) format. Then, write code with the help of an open-source library,
that will print out whether or not a certificate is a self signed certificate, and the fingerprint of each
certificate. Please submit your certificates and build instructions along with your code (your submission should
contain enough information for us to reproduce your work).

## Enviroment:
Tested on Ubuntu 16.04

## Prerequisites:
* gcc >= 5.4 (or just enable C99 syntax)
* CMake >= 3.0.2
* OpenSSL
* libssl
* libcrypto

## Generate Certificates
This step generates 2 certificates: ```root.crt``` and ```interviewee.crt```. 

Imagine an application that where the Employer has to sign an interviewee's Certificate Signing Request (CSR) as part of an interview question submission in order to prove the identity of the interviewee as well as encrypt the answers during the submission process. ```root.crt``` represents the Employer's certificate and ```interviewee.crt``` the prospective job applicant's certificate. With these certificates, a TLS session can be established.

To generate the certificates, do the following:

```
cd sslcert
./generate_certificates.sh
```

**Note:** Answer 'Y' to all questions generated by ```generate_certificates.sh```.

**Note:** Just press 'Enter' when asked to set a Export Password in the PKCS\#12 step of the script.

Certificates are generated in ```sslcert/certs/``` in \*.crt files and their corresponding private keys in ```sslcert/private/``` in \*.key files. The PKCS\#12 file contains the certificate chain for both the *root* and *interviewee* certificates as well as the private key for *interviewee*.

## Run 'certinfo' program
```
cd sslcert/src

# Build Application
./build.sh

# Run Application
./cmake/certinfo ../certs/root.crt
./cmake/certinfo ../certs/interviewee.crt
```
